I would like to make a brief comment on the situation.
I know that the people are already well aware of the situation.
The situation is now at its peak.
I hope that the situation will be resolved soon.
The situation is still at its peak.
In the first place,
Shida has been involved in the negotiations between the North and the Shanghai Islands,
and has also been involved in the negotiations with the Sato people.
He has now started his own city, Shio,
and has now started his own city, Shio,
but his country provides service to all of its members.
E엔 is also working to fix this situation
by uncomfortable management.
He knew exactly what the problem was.
What is he doing now?
Therefore, in order to achieve the goal of a ceasefire,
we must consider how many difficulties we have to overcome.
We must also consider the importance of the long-term war.
However, the long-term war is a national war, and a national cooperation.
Therefore, in order to achieve the goal of a ceasefire,
we must work together as a military and a people,
and as a new and a new Japan,
and to increase the strength of the two sides,
the so-called two sides of the war.
As you know, the Japanese government is not very good at the two sides.
Therefore, we must consider the commitment seriously.
Comrades, we must consider the commitment seriously.